TF-4073 Update variable set documentation (#301)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/workspaces/creating.mdx

### Configure Terraform Variables (Version Control Only)

> After you create a new workspace from a version control repository, Terraform Cloud scans its configuration files for [Terraform variables](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables#terraform-variables) and displays any without default values or undefined in an existing [global or project-scoped variable set](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#variable-sets). Terraform cannot perform successful runs in the workspace until you set values for these variables.

Reviewer: 👍

> After you create a new workspace from a version control repository, Terraform Cloud scans its configuration files for [Terraform variables](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables#terraform-variables) and displays any without default values or undefined in an existing [global or project-scoped variable set](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#variable-sets). Terraform cannot perform successful runs in the workspace until you set values for these variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you create a new workspace from a version control repository, Terraform Cloud scans its configuration files for [Terraform variables](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables#terraform-variables) and displays variables without default values or variables that are undefined in an existing [global or project-scoped variable set](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/variables/managing-variables#variable-sets). Terraform cannot perform successful runs in the workspace until you set values for these variables.
```
